an Israeli airstrike on Han units in the
Gaza Strip has killed the head of the
rocket unit in the Islamic Jihad group
in a statement the group confirmed its
Commander Ali Hassan Gali was
assassinated in the strike Gali was a
member of the military Council and head
of the rocket unit in the alcud's
brigades so far Israel has killed four
Islamic Jihad commanders in the last 72
hours
will the airstrike hit a residential
apartment in the hard units neighborhood
at dawn two other people were also
killed in the same attack in recent days
Israel has launched multiple airstrikes
on Gaza targeting a number of Islamic
Jihad members at least 24 people have
been killed and dozens injured Islamic
Jihad has fired more than 400 Rockets
from Gaza towards Israel with some
traveling as far as Tel Aviv let's speak
now to Islam adwan who's in Gaza City
for US isamsa Reports an Israeli
airstrike has killed the head of the
Islamic Jihad rocket launching unit what
more can you tell us at the moment
to sum up what happened from last night
it has been a long night filled with
tension and fear particularly started
with the Egyptian Outlets talking about
a a mediation between Israel and Gaza
about a truce implemented in a positive
atmosphere but those talks have have not
come to any sense particularly after 36
hours of cautious silence Israel
targeted again residential buildings
altering the Islamic Jihad to state that
if Israel continues the policy of
targeting residential buildings then
they will go on a wider scale of
shooting rockets at the Israeli cities
later after their were a heavy exchange
of fire from Gaza launching rockets and
Israeli targeting multiple cities in the
Gaza particularly the city of hanunes a
later in the in the last couple of hours
assassinating one of the Islamic Jihad
Ali Hassan rally who has been known as
the head of the Rockets launching unit
and also one of the commanders the high
commanders of the military Council of
the Islamic Jihad the right wing of the
Islamic Jihad al-khut a bridge this is
altering in so many different ways as a
Jihad as the Islamic Jihad stated before
that the Dilemma of this truth talks in
particular and the issue of reaching a
positive atmosphere with regards to
peace talks is a The Dilemma of the
policy of assassination with which
Israel has been practicing over the last
decades and seemingly that Israel is not
ready to let go of this policy Isam let
me ask you do you think the death of
this rocket launching Commander from
Islamic Jihad is likely to cause a
further escalation in the violence of
things like likely to get worse now do
you think
the first assumptions of this
assassination is assumed that the
Israeli government is a pressuring the
Islamic Jihad to surrender for the terms
or for the talks approached by the
Egyptian mediators along with Qatar and
the U.S Administration to pressure them
to accept the tree the truth Talks by
the mediators but of course with the
Islamic Jihad being put in such a
difficult position assassinating for
commanders in in three days two days and
here we are in in the morning that was
supposed to be a positive news with
regards to those truth talks with
another assassination of a high
commander of the Islamic Jihad we
believe this is an altering situation
the Islamic Jihad has not commented
since the assassination but to mourn the
killing of of their senior Commando
there were no shooting of rockets it's
been like cautious silence that could in
a way or another alter more rounds of
violence in the coming hours we still
don't know what the future holds for us
all right there live for us in Gaza City
Isam thank you